box: do not allow to drop system spaces (#8623)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-5279-system-space-removal.md

## bugfix/box

> - Fix ability to drop `_vinyl_deferred_delete` system space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the ability to drop `_vinyl_deferred_delete` system space.
```
